Add quickstart (#37)
microsoft/CBL-MarinerTutorials: docs/getting_started/default_images.md

# Building

> - [Tutorial: Build a Default VHD or VHDX](#tutorial-build-a-default-vhd-or-vhdx)

Reviewer: Let's do ISO first

  - [Build VHD or VHDX](#build-vhd-or-vhdx)
  - [Use Hyper-V to Boot Your Image](#use-hyper-v-to-boot-your-image)
- [Tutorial: Build the default ISO](#tutorial-build-the-default-iso)

## Tutorial: Build a Default VHD or VHDX

> The toolkit ships with several image configurations. These can be build using the tools outside the core repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolkit ships with several image configurations. These can be built using the tools outside the core repo.
```

### Build VHD or VHDX

Choose an image to build by invoking one of the following build commands from the _CBL-MarinerTutorials/toolkit_ folder.

```bash
# VHDX
sudo make image CONFIG_FILE=./imageconfigs/core-efi.json 
# VHD
sudo make image CONFIG_FILE=./imageconfigs/core-legacy.json
```

> The first time make image is invoked the toolkit downloads the necessary toolchain packages from the CBL-Mariner repository at packages.microsoft.com.  These toolchain packages are the standard set needed to build any local packages contained in the CBL-MarinerTutorials repo.  Once the toolchain is ready, make automatically proceeds to build any local packages.  In this case, the core repo's image configs do not use any of the packages located in the Tutorial repo so nothing will be built. Make will then assemble the packages gathered from the package server to build an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time `make image` is invoked, the toolkit downloads the necessary toolchain packages from the CBL-Mariner package repo at packages.microsoft.com.  These toolchain packages are the standard set needed to build any local packages.  Once the toolchain is ready, `make` automatically proceeds to build any local packages.  In this case, the core repo's image configs do not use any of the packages located in the Tutorial repo so nothing will be built. `make` will then assemble the packages gathered from the package server to build the specified image.
```
- Fix hyperlink to PMC as well
- Clarify image configs to give the reader some background before referencing its usage

> The resulting images are placed in the CBL-MarinerTutorials/out folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting images are placed in the `CBL-MarinerTutorials/out` folder
```

> VHDX:       `CBL-MarinerTutorials/out/images/core-efi/`
> VHD:        `CBL-MarinerTutorials/out/images/core-legacy/`

> ### Use Hyper-V to Boot Your Image

Reviewer: Consider refactoring this into a separate page since we reference these instructions in multiple places

1. Provide a name for your VM and press _Next >_.
1. For VHD select `Generation 1`. For VHDX select `Generation 2`, then press _Next >_.
1. Change Memory size if desired, then press _Next >_.
1. Select a virtual switch, then press _Next >_.
1. Select Use an existing virtual hard disk, then browse and select your VHD(X) file.
1. Press _Finish_.

**[Gen2/VHDX Only] Fix Boot Options**

1. Right click your virtual machine from Hyper-V Manager
1. Select _Settings..._
1. Select Security and under _Template:_ select _Microsoft UEFI Certificate Authority_.

**Disable Secure Boot**

_Note:_ If you followed any of the previous tutorials in [Working with packages](docs/packages/working_with_packages.md), the kernel is no longer signed and secure boot must be disabled in order to boot your VHD(X) image.

1. Right click your virtual machine from Hyper-V Manager
1. Select _Settings..._
1. Select Security and uncheck the "Enable Secure Boot" box

**Boot and Sign-In to Your VHD(X) Image**

1. Right click your VM and select _Connect..._.
1. Select _Start_.
1. Wait for CBL-Mariner to boot to the login prompt, then sign in with:

```bash
    root
    p@ssw0rd
```

## Tutorial: Build the Default ISO

> In the previous tutorial, we learned how to create a simple VHD(X) image. In this tutorial, we will turn our attention to creating a bootable ISO image for installing CBL-Mariner to either a physical machine or virtual hard drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will turn our attention to creating a bootable ISO image for installing CBL-Mariner to either a physical machine or virtual hard drive.
```

Consider refactoring each tutorial into their own pages.

> Let's jump right in.  Run the following command to build a demo ISO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to build an ISO:
```

```bash
cd CBL-MarinerTutorials/toolkit

> sudo make iso CONFIG_FILE=../imageconfigs/demo_iso.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo make iso CONFIG_FILE=./imageconfigs/full.json
```

```

> **Copy ISO Image to Your VM Host Machine**

Reviewer: Consider refactoring out as well since we reference these instructions in multiple places.

# Building

- [Tutorial: Build the default ISO](#tutorial-build-the-default-iso)
  - [Build ISO](#build-iso)
  - [Use Hyper-V to Boot Your ISO Installer](#use-hyper-v-to-boot-your-iso-installer)
- [Tutorial: Build a Default VHD or VHDX](#tutorial-build-a-default-vhd-or-vhdx)
  - [Build VHD or VHDX](#build-vhd-or-vhdx)
  - [Use Hyper-V to Boot Your Image](#use-hyper-v-to-boot-your-image)

## Tutorial: Build the Default ISO

In this tutorial, we will create a bootable ISO image for installing CBL-Mariner to either a physical machine or virtual hard drive.

> The toolkit ships with several image configurations. The [image config files](https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner/blob/-/toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md) define how a CBL-Mariner image is layed out once built or installed.  Each image config will also include a list of packages to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolkit ships with several image configurations. The [image config files](https://github.com/microsoft/CBL-Mariner/blob/-/toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md) define how a CBL-Mariner image is laid out once built or installed.  Each image config will also include a list of packages to install.
```
Spelling

### Build ISO

> These can be built using the tools outside the core repo. Build the default ISO by invoking the following build command from the _CBL-MarinerTutorials/toolkit_ folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the default ISO by invoking the following build command from the _CBL-MarinerTutorials/toolkit_ folder.
```

Is the sentence about building outside the core repo necessary? If yes, consider clarifying the sentence.
